LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS LICENCE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") sets forth the terms and conditions
governing the utilization of the Licensed Software, available for download from
the Development Platform. By downloading the Licensed Software, the Developer
acknowledges their acceptance of this Agreement. It is advised that careful
consideration be given to this Agreement before proceeding with the software
download. In the event that the Developer does not assent to the terms herein,
they must refrain from downloading or using the Licensed Software. If the
software is being downloaded on behalf of an entity or another party, the
Developer hereby warrants that they are authorized to bind such entity or party
to the terms of this Agreement.

DEFINITIONS
1.1. "Developer Application" pertains to the software or hardware, along with
related documentation, intended for integration with the Licensed Software.

1.2. "Developer" denotes the individual or entity responsible for the download
of the Licensed Software.

1.3. "Development Platform" designates the platform, such as GitHub
(github.com), or any other specified software development platform, from which
the Licensed Software is obtainable.

1.4. "Effective Date" is the date of download of the Licensed Software from the
Development Platform.

1.5. "Licensed Software" signifies the proprietary software product, provided
in both source and object code, developed by Bohemia Automation Ltd. and
contractors ("Company") and made available for download on the Development
Platform. This software serves communication functions.

1.6. "Purpose" encompasses activities related to the integration of the
Licensed Software with Developer Application(s), with a specific focus on
non-commercial and non-production objectives, including but not limited to
evaluation, research, teaching, and training.

LICENCE

2.1. Delivery of Licensed Software

The Licensed Software is accessible for download via the Development Platform.

2.2. Licence Grant

Company extends to the Developer a personal, perpetual, revocable, limited,
non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license. This license
permits the access, use, download, and installation of the Licensed Software
solely for the Purpose outlined herein, subject to all provisions within this
Agreement. Company reserves the right to modify features or attributes of any
version of the Licensed Software at its discretion. Unless an alternate
agreement is reached in accordance with Section 2.4, Developer is prohibited
from distributing or sublicensing any part of the Licensed Software.
Furthermore, Developer may not disclose or publish benchmarking results
regarding the performance of the Licensed Software.

2.3. Non-Commercial and Non-Production Use

It is expressly clarified that the Purpose excludes any form of commercial or
production use. Developer may not employ the Licensed Software in a manner that
generates revenue or any form of compensation. Additionally, the Licensed
Software is not suitable for use in production environments; its use is limited
to non-production contexts, such as testing, teaching, training, and research
and development. A production environment is defined as one in which the
Licensed Software is operational and relied upon for organizational or
commercial functions. If Developer intends to use the Licensed Software for
commercial and production purposes, a distinct license must be obtained from
Company in accordance with Section 2.4.

2.4. Commercial Licence

Developers wishing to utilise the Licensed Software for commercial and
production purposes should contact Company through the following means:

Email: ho@bohemia-automation.com
Website: https://www.bohemia-automation.com/

Company is not obligated to enter into a commercial and production agreement
with any Developer.

2.5. Company Support

This license does not entitle the Developer to receive support, telephone
assistance, or updates to the Licensed Software, which Company may provide at
its discretion. Developer may submit tickets and feedback via the Development
Platform, and Company will make reasonable efforts to respond to such
communications. However, Company is not obliged to do so and retains the right
to discontinue support at any time.

OWNERSHIP

3.1. Company Retains Title to Licensed Software

Apart from the licence granted herein, no rights to patents, copyrights, trade
secrets, trade names, trademarks (registered or unregistered), or any other
Intellectual Property Rights related to the Licensed Software are conferred to
the Developer. Company retains complete ownership and title of the Licensed
Software, including all Intellectual Property Rights.

3.2. Feedback

Any feedback provided by the Developer concerning the Licensed Software is
considered non-confidential. Company may utilize and exploit such feedback
without the obligation to provide notice or compensation to the Developer.

TERM AND TERMINATION
4.1. Term and Termination of Agreement

This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and remains in effect unless
terminated as provided herein. The Agreement will terminate automatically if
the Developer materially breaches its terms, including the non-commercial and
non-production use restrictions outlined in Section 2.3.

4.2. Obligations on Termination

Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights and licenses granted to the
Developer are revoked. The Developer must cease any use of the Licensed
Software, including the deletion of any copies, modifications, or embedded code
related to the Licensed Software within the Developer Application. The
Developer shall certify in writing to Company that no further use of the
Licensed Software or its derivatives is ongoing.

4.3. Survival

Provisions of this Agreement necessary for its purpose shall endure even after
its termination or expiration.

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS OFFERED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS.
COMPANY PROVIDES NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, AND
EXPLICITLY EXCLUDES ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY OTHER WARRANTY ARISING FROM STATUTE, LAW, CUSTOM, OR
USAGE OF TRADE.

LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITIES

6.1. Limits of Liability

Company bears no liability to the Developer for special, consequential,
exemplary, incidental, or indirect damages, including, but not limited to, loss
of profits, revenues, data, or use, arising from or related to this Agreement
or the use or performance of the Licensed Software, even if the possibility of
such damages has been communicated. The total liability of Company under this
Agreement will not exceed $10. The Developer may not bring any claim arising
from this Agreement more than twelve (12) months after the claim's accrual.

6.2. Developer Indemnity

Developer shall indemnify, defend, and hold Company harmless from all losses,
costs, liabilities, and expenses resulting from any claim (excluding claims
that the Licensed Software infringes third-party intellectual property)
stemming from Developerâ€™s actions or omissions. For Developer's indemnification
obligations to apply, the following conditions must be met: (i) Company has
received prompt written notice from Developer regarding such claims (with any
delay not diminishing Developer's indemnity obligations except to the extent it
prejudices Developer's ability to defend the claim); (ii) Developer has
exclusive control over the defense and negotiation of such claims; and (iii)
Company reasonably cooperates with Developer in the defense or settlement of
such claims at Developer's expense.

GENERAL

7.1. Entire Agreement

The terms herein constitute the full Agreement between the parties pertaining
to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior oral or written
communications and agreements.

7.2. Equitable Relief

Company may be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief, for
any breach or anticipated breach of this Agreement, without diminishing other
rights and remedies.

7.3. Compliance with Laws

Developer must comply with all applicable laws and secure any required

